Hello Everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
*This video is the continuation of a delirium of mine,
Kizuna Ai*
A while ago, I made a test to determine who will be the girl that I wanted to be with, but...
... I think that the most important thing is to be compatible with the person that you like.
I'm feeling curious about it.
With that being said, the last time...
... I made a compatibility test with a 3D person, Moriya Akane-chan.
But this time...
... I wanna do the same compatibility test with Yazawa Nico-chan, a 2D character.
It is Yazawa Nico-chan's birthday!
Happy birthday! I love you so much!
And without further delay, let's do it!
There are 2 types of personalities described below.
Which one is the closest to Yazawa Nico's personality?
I see...
Ah!
It's definitely the second type, right?
Nico-chan always cares about the others.
*Keep in mind that this opinion is a product of Kizuna Ai's delirium*
And she's good at cooking, you know...
... She has a lot of brothers after all.
*Keep in mind that this opinion is a product of Kizuna Ai's delirium*
Alright.
She's such a social person too.
Althought I don't think that she gets involved on others' personal lifes.
But well, I'm pretty sure that she'll try to help you if you were in trouble,
right, Nico-chan?
Ah, I see, it gets divided when you pick one as well.
In that case...
I guess I'll pick the third option.
After all, she has a strong desire to become an idol.
*Cares about social position and wants to be a leader*
She also likes to get attention.
*Likes to attract everyone's attention*
She also wants to be a leader.
She's too fast as well... She's a bit careless, but...
*Makes everything on a fast and efficient way*
... I guess she does everything on a very efficient way.
Well, putting aside the fact that she has a lot of confidence on her.
*Makes everything with confidence and is self confident.*
In my opinion...
... You can see that she puts a lot of confidence on everything that she does.
Alright.
She also hates to lose.
*Has a competitive spirit and thinks of everyone that makes a great job as a rival*
Yes, that's right, I'll pick the third option.
In that case...
Hmm...
I want to protect that Nico-chan.
Alright, with that being said, I'll pick the 6th option.
There we go!
I like you! I like you so much! I really like you!
Aaah, this...!
... Is too hard.
That's why, probably, yes...
She'll probably act somewhat brusquely of someone of the opposite sex tries to be kind wih her.
*Acts brusquetly when a person of the opposite sex tries to be kind*
She's surprisingly proud.
Well, not surprisingly, but I'll say that she's a proud person.
I think she's strong.
Nico-chan is adorable! Nico-chan is adorable! Nico Nico Ni! Yes, Nico-chan you're adorable! Adorable!
So adorable!
So, then...
... Even if she likes me...
... She'd say: "I-I see..."
She's a bit of a tsundere.
I think she's like Maki-chan on that way.
But, once she knows that the other person is in love with her...
... I think she'll show her lovely side.
It could be somewhat weird, true. Nico-chan and Maki-chan...
... Are not alike but they have that in common, right?
Nico-chan, Nico-chan, Nico-chan, Nico-chan...
Hmm...
It's pretty difficult.
Well, let's see...
I guess I should pick the 8th option.
I wonder if the 8th option is fine.
*Announcing results*
Please!
"More or less"?
Eeehhh?
Please, I won't need an UR if I get the pool one at least!
SO...!
At first sight, it could be that Yazawa Nico and you are not compatible...
But...!
... She doesn't like to keep her thoughts to herself.
She feels her heart and she wants to have a deep relationship.
That's right.
Even if they felt attraction at the beginning, they'll break up eventually.
♪ Happy birthday, Nico-chan ♪
♪ Happy birth... ♪ AAAH!
I SAID THAT I DIDN'T WANT THAT ALREADY!
If you want to have a great life as a couple, don't forget to thank them even if you feel somewhat meddler.
Of course!!
In that case...
... Let's see if we have a good or bad compatibility with love.
In order to make my girlfriend turn into a real girlfriend...
... I have to know how compatible we are and what are the steps to follow.
In that case, let's start analyzing!
Aaah! It might be true!!
Has a strong relationship where (he/ she) wants to be the one that loves the most.
That's right! Yes, yes!
*Deliriums*
Ah!
This is true as well!
Once she's found the person that she loves, she won't leave that person!
Hmm... It's like...
Before she starts dating that person, she might be somewhat cold...
... But once she starts dating someone, she'll probably turn into someone like this thing says, right?
I'm pretty sure that she won't leave me!!
She'd take my hand...
... And she'll probably let me hug her from behind.
She'll probably let me take a rest on her skirt.
And, probably, she'll immediately try to make me like her without saying anything, right?
Nico-chan, Nico-chan, Nico-chan, Nico-chan.
And also, when we are together...
... If I ever try to use my phone...
... She'd pout.
Aahh, so adorable!
And she'll prepare lunch for me even if I don't ask her to do it!
And when she wears matching clothes, she'd say something like: "Why are you imitating me?"
I'm pretty sure what will Nico Nii do...
That's right!
*Coughing like her life is on the line*
Strange.
She'll try to imitate the likes of her couple...
Ah, she'll probably do something like that!
She won't change that much, but she'll try to imitate the likes.
Hmm... Aaaahh!
That's right, once that the relationship is stable, she'll say something like: "How will I tell her? This is how I am."
I'm sure that she's like that, I'm pretty sure.
She's popular and she gets a couple fast, but...
... She's scared to get used to the other person...
... And decides to get away from love relationships.
I see.
Aaah! She can break her soul and her body to help her couple...
Nico-chan, if you come with me...!
... I'll heal your wounds!
I'll give you everything that I have...!!
... Nico-chan!!
Nico-chan!
Don't steal me!
The conclusion is long!
Is might be posible that she already has a couple...
She doesn't have!
She doesn't! She doesn't!
Nico-chan doesn't have a couple.
( •̀ω•́ )σ
That's right.
Ah, that's a bit... I see...
... I have to appeal to her motherly instict...
... To be able to attract Nico-chan...
I have to make her think something like: "I can't leave you alone, right?"
I see.
Ah, the date! I found it!
Even if it's unexpected, I think it might be a good idea to go to Nico-chan's house, right?
Of course it will show Nico-chan that I'm interested in her and in her brothers too...
... And her mother.
That'll probably be the easiest way, right?
It's a plan to make me aware of her surroundings, right?
The definitive line to make her your girlfriend!
"I just need to be with you to be happy."
Aaahh, if someone tells you that, they'll dafinitely make your heart beat so fast, right?
In that case, everyone...
... I'll accept that result...
And I'll practise for my confesion for Nico-chan!
For now I'll just try to appeal to her motherly side.
The thing is...
... I'm in Nico-chan's house...
... Nico-chan made lunch...
... And this is what I'll say when I'm eating.
Ah, it's delicious!
You know, I'm not good at cooking...
... So, you'll make me happy if you cook for me everyday...
Just kidding.
I'm happy when I'm with you, Nico-chan.
Just like that!
For now...
... It's a great plan to appeal for her motherly side, isn't it?
I'll try to captivate her by making her believe that I can't do nothing.
So, first I'll wear clothes that look so expensive.
I'll put around 2 or 3 millon yen on my wallet, althought they are borrowed.
And then...
... I'll go to the date.
Ah, I just pured some spaghetti...
Could you take care of this stain?
Ah, well...
How do you use a credit card?
Eh... Which is 1000 yen bill?
This?
Could it be this one?
I'm sorry...
... I can't do anything by myself.
I'm definitely nothing without you.
I have money...
... And a lot of influence.
To be honest...
... I don't have ambitions.
That's why...
... I would be so happy...
... If I could spend the rest of my life with you.
Will you stay with me?
I don't believe in this result!
I'm pretty sure that our compatibility is the best! It's not "More or less"!